sent1215	Fred Farrar	Work_For	FAA	(FAA spokesman Fred Farrar said Tuesday the timer assembly could not have caused the British Midland crash .)
sent1216	Nettie Johnson	Work_For	Navy	(Navy spokeswoman Lt. Nettie Johnson was unable to say immediately whether the aircraft had experienced problems from faulty check and drain valves .)
sent1217	Anderson	Work_For	GE	(Anderson , the GE attorney , said in a letter dated June 2 , 1988 , that : ` ` In late May 1988 , it was discovered that prior to July 1987 , a particular flow leak check , which is required by GEAE -LRB- General Electric Aircraft Engine -RRB- specifications , was not performed on the F404 check and drain valves. ' ')
sent1220	James Helmer	Work_For	GE	(James Helmer , an attorney representing the former manager of the GE plant , said his client had been questioned in connection with the investigation last Oct. 14 by two FBI agents and a representative of the Air Force .)
sent1246	Daniel Dewey	Work_For	CBOT	(Sanders , 45 , was found guilty of engineering the scheme in which Daniel Dewey , another former CBOT trader , donned a wig and used stolen trader badges and jackets to gain access to a restricted area in proximity to the Treasury bond trading pit .)
sent1265	Hernandez Galicia	Work_For	Mexican Oil Workers Union	(Hernandez Galicia 's allegedly corrupt Mexican Oil Workers Union controls more than half the lucrative drilling contracts issued by the state oil monopoly , Pemex .)
sent1283	Ann Silvernail	Work_For	International Paper	(International Paper spokeswoman Ann Silvernail said that under French law the company was barred from releasing details pending government approval .)
sent1291	John A. Georges	Work_For	International Paper	(` ` Our white paper , market pulp and packaging businesses turned in particularly impressive results in 1988 , ' ' said John A. Georges , International Paper 's chairman and chief executive officer .)
sent1312	Hans Guenther von Zydowitz	Work_For	Leica	(Leica spokesman Hans Guenther von Zydowitz told the AP company officals estimate last year 's sales at about $60.6 million , but he declined to estimate profits .)
sent1313	Dietmar Kanzer	Work_For	Roliflex 6008	(Spokesman Dietmar Kanzer of the smaller Rollei company , which employs about 270 people , told the AP the firm had great success with its new Roliflex 6008 camera in 1988 .)
sent1332	Peter Butler	Work_For	A. Copeland Enterprises Inc.	(` ` I 'm delighted , ' ' said Peter Butler , attorney for A. Copeland Enterprises Inc. _ the company which owns New Orleans-based Popeyes Famous Fried Chicken _ after Judge Henry A. Politz announced the decision for the three-judge 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel .)
sent1332	Peter Butler	Work_For	5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals	(` ` I 'm delighted , ' ' said Peter Butler , attorney for A. Copeland Enterprises Inc. _ the company which owns New Orleans-based Popeyes Famous Fried Chicken _ after Judge Henry A. Politz announced the decision for the three-judge 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel .)
sent1332	Henry A. Politz	Work_For	5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals	(` ` I 'm delighted , ' ' said Peter Butler , attorney for A. Copeland Enterprises Inc. _ the company which owns New Orleans-based Popeyes Famous Fried Chicken _ after Judge Henry A. Politz announced the decision for the three-judge 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel .)
sent1338	Sam Kadet	Work_For	, Arps	(Sam Kadet of the corporate law firm of Skadden , Arps said Popeyes could give Church 's notice on Thursday that it planned to proceed with the takeover attempt and deliver the information to Church 's after five business days .)
sent1348	Scott Hinton	Work_For	Elders Futures Inc.	(Analyst Scott Hinton of Elders Futures Inc. said the copper market seemed unsinkable , even though prices have fallen from the record highs reached in early December .)
sent1374	James K. Batten	Work_For	Knight-Ridder	(` ` The decision to sell these two newspapers was not an easy one , ' ' said James K. Batten , Knight-Ridder president and chief executive officer .)
sent1375	Larry Jinks	Work_For	Knight-Ridder	(Also on Thursday , Knight-Ridder announced that it has named Larry Jinks publisher of the San Jose Mercury News , succeeding William A. Ott , who will be the newspaper 's chairman .)
sent1375	Larry Jinks	Work_For	San Jose Mercury News	(Also on Thursday , Knight-Ridder announced that it has named Larry Jinks publisher of the San Jose Mercury News , succeeding William A. Ott , who will be the newspaper 's chairman .)
sent1375	William A. Ott	Work_For	Knight-Ridder	(Also on Thursday , Knight-Ridder announced that it has named Larry Jinks publisher of the San Jose Mercury News , succeeding William A. Ott , who will be the newspaper 's chairman .)
sent1375	William A. Ott	Work_For	San Jose Mercury News	(Also on Thursday , Knight-Ridder announced that it has named Larry Jinks publisher of the San Jose Mercury News , succeeding William A. Ott , who will be the newspaper 's chairman .)
sent1388	Andrew Stephens	Work_For	Eaglebrook Plastics	(` ` There is a great demand for recovered plastic , but the material has to be clean , ' ' said Andrew Stephens , president of Eaglebrook Plastics .)
sent1394	Robert Thompson	Work_For	Eaglebrook	(` ` We chose Middletown because we 're trying to access the New York City market but we wanted to be outside the high-priced metropolitan area , ' ' said Robert Thompson , Eaglebrook 's vice .)
sent1427	Todd Kimberlain	Work_For	National Hurricane Center.	(` ` It 's not going to be a major hurricane , but there will be beach erosion , tides 10 feet above normal in some places and 10 to 15 inches of rain over Mississippi , Louisiana and eastern Texas , ' ' said Todd Kimberlain of the National Hurricane Center.)
sent1436	Nancy Cowan	Work_For	Red Cross	(Some brought radios , ' ' said Nancy Cowan , Red Cross disaster chairman for Calcasieu and Cameron parishes.)
sent1448	Michael O	Work_For	Conoco Inc.	(` ` We 've evacuated everybody , ' ' said Conoco Inc. spokesman Michael O 'Connor.)
sent1466	Lawrence J. Hagen	Work_For	USDA	(By the mid-1990s , the department 's scientists plan to have a wind erosion computer system to help make daily estimates of soil losses from wind erosion , says Lawrence J. Hagen , an agricultural engineer with the USDA 's agricultural research service.)
sent1469	Gary H. Heichel	Work_For	USDA	(` ` Crop rotation may be the answer to sustaining long-term productivity of our land to provide billions of people with food , fuel and other renewable resources , ' ' says Gary H. Heichel , a plant physiologist with the USDA 's agricultural research service.)
sent1473	David Pimentel	Work_For	Cornell University.	(More than 3 million calories of fossil fuel energy normally are required to produce nitrogen fertilizer for an acre of corn grown under a continuous cropping program , said David Pimentel , an ecologist and entomologist at Cornell University.)
sent1480	Dennis DeConcini	Work_For	Senate Appropriations treasury	(Sen. Dennis DeConcini , D-Ariz. , chairman of the Senate Appropriations treasury and postal subcommittee , said Monday he will ask the Bush administration to justify the use of public money when his panel works on spending legislation this week.)
sent1489	Edward Roybal	Work_For	House Appropriations treasury	(Rep. Edward Roybal , D-Calif. , chairman of the House Appropriations treasury and postal subcommittee , which authored the House-passed spending bill , said Mrs. Quayle invited them to visit the mansion and examine the needed work.)
sent1495	Pat Epps	Work_For	Greenland Expedition Society	(Pat Epps and other members of the Greenland Expedition Society suffered hunger , cold and sunburn in the hunt for the ` ` lost squadron , ' ' eight aircraft which crash landed in Greenland in 1942.)
sent1517	Higgins	Work_For	Marine Corps	(` ` One thing I have learned over the past 17 months is that the truth is hard to find , and it remains so , ' ' said Mrs. Higgins , 37 , who is a major inthe Marine Corps and works at the Pentagon as a public information officer.)
sent1550	Donald W. Riegle Jr.	Work_For	Senate Banking Committee	(Another type of plan , first advocated by Sen. Donald W. Riegle Jr. , D-Mich. , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , doesn 't waive Gramm-Rudman.)
sent1566	Linda Schmitt	Work_For	Becton Dickinson	(Becton Dickinson sells needle containers to doctors and hospitals but may develop a container for home use , said Linda Schmitt , an assistant product manager.)
sent1573	Jonathan Lifa	Work_For	Chevron	(The self-propelled rig Avco 5 with 14 people aboard was headed to shore early Monday when it capsized about 20 miles off the Louisiana coast , near Morgan City , Chevron spokesman Jonathan Lifa said.)
sent1578	Steve Hardy	Work_For	Coast Guard	(An air bubble trapped in watertight compartments would be the only oxygen for any survivors , said Coast Guard Lt. Steve Hardy , but he did not estimate how long any trapped crewmen could survive.)
sent1585	Lt. Allen Harker	Work_For	Coast Guard	(The number of lift boats involved in accidents is higher than normal , ' ' said Lt. Allen Harker , a marine inspector at the Coast Guard 's 8th District headquarters .)
sent1595	David Foster	Work_For	AP	(David Foster is the AP 's Northwest regional reporter , based in Seattle.)
sent1614	Stephen K. Yee.	Work_For	Chinese Consolidated Benevolent Association	(Someone cut ropes holding up the plastic foam , wood and plaster figure Sunday night and it crashed to the ground at the entrance of the Chinese Consolidated Benevolent Association , said President Stephen K. Yee.)
sent1657	Russell Strong	Work_For	Queensland Liver Transplant Service	(The head of Queensland Liver Transplant Service , Dr. Russell Strong , said one of the difficulties faced by the team of surgeons that carried out the operation was dividing the liver without harming the donor.)
sent1674	Bush	Work_For	European Community	(In May , the Bush administration and the 12-nation European Community reached an interim agreement that allowed resumption of sales of about 15 percent of the $100 million in U.S. beef exports to Europe.)
sent1693	Jeff Shia	Work_For	Kiangsu Chekiang Association	(` ` I think at this moment they fear making a wrong move _ whether they should seek political asylum or use other reasons to remain here , ' ' said Jeff Shia , president of the Kiangsu Chekiang Association , a non-profit group that helps new Chinese immigrants establish themselves in the city.)
sent1702	Leonard Lee	Work_For	Chinese Times	(Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco.)
sent1716	Shaw Yu-ming	Work_For	Government Information	(With China 's crackdown on the democracy movement , ` ` the truth is finally coming out of the cruel nature of communism , ' ' said Shaw Yu-ming , director-general of Government Information , at the opening of Taiwan 's new downtown Washington information center.)
sent1727	Susan Cruzan	Work_For	FDA	(The advisory committee voted 7-1 to recommend that the drug remain a prescription ingredient , said Susan Cruzan , an FDA spokeswoman.)
sent1795	John Day	Work_For	Forest Service	(About 2 , 900 firefighters were battling blazes in the Wallowa-Whitman and the Malheur national forests near the towns of Baker , Unity , Enterprise and John Day , said Forest Service spokesman Mike Ferris.)
sent1795	Mike Ferris.	Work_For	Forest Service	(About 2 , 900 firefighters were battling blazes in the Wallowa-Whitman and the Malheur national forests near the towns of Baker , Unity , Enterprise and John Day , said Forest Service spokesman Mike Ferris.)
sent1798	Margie Clack.	Work_For	Forest Service	(Crews finished cutting a line of bare earth around the blaze early today and expected full control Wednesday , said Forest Service spokeswoman Margie Clack.)
sent1826	John Paul	Work_For	Eastern Airlines	(Far back in the polls were black professor Marvin Dunn , black real estate agent Sonny Wright , businessman Bernard Anscher and striking Eastern Airlines pilot John Paul Rosser.)
sent1842	Doug Beldon	Work_For	FBI	(On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington.)
sent1857	Robert Bernero	Work_For	NRC	(` ` NRC has a broad programmatic concern that the pressure to meet unrealistic schedule milestones may leave DOE insufficient time to plan and to execute proper technical information-gathering activities , ' ' said Robert Bernero , chief of waste disposal for the commission.)
sent1859	Bernero	Work_For	NRC	(At a briefing at NRC headquarters in nearby Rockville , Md. , Bernero said the volcanic cones in the area of Yucca Mountain have been a cause of concern for NRC experts.)
sent1859	Bernero	Work_For	NRC	(At a briefing at NRC headquarters in nearby Rockville , Md. , Bernero said the volcanic cones in the area of Yucca Mountain have been a cause of concern for NRC experts.)
sent1879	Khieu Samphan	Work_For	Khmer Rouge	(Khmer Rouge leader Khieu Samphan had raised objections to the investigation mission and other aspects of today 's agreements.)
sent1941	Stephanie Powell	Work_For	DEM	(` ` This is not a good idea for a lot of environmental reasons , ' ' Stephanie Powell , of the DEM 's division of groundwater and freshwater wetlands , said Tuesday.)
sent1943	Jack Frazier	Work_For	Rotary Club	(But Jack Frazier , Rotary Club president , said volunteers picked up the ducks and all but four or five were accounted for.)
sent1993	Abebe Worke	Work_For	High Court	(Mrs. Rose hired Abebe Worke , one of Ethiopia 's most distinguished lawyers and a former member of the country 's High Court , to investigate.)
sent2011	Robert Bernero	Work_For	NRC	(Robert Bernero , chief of waste disposal for the NRC , said the shafts would be ` ` the first major holes to be dug into the Yucca Mountain formation. ' ')
sent2013	Rockville	Work_For	NRC	(In a briefing at the NRC 's Rockville , Md. , headquarters and in a letter to Sam Rousso , acting of civilian radioactive waste management for the Energy Department , Bernero said study of seismic and volcanic risks needed to be given high priority.)
sent2013	Sam Rousso	Work_For	NRC	(In a briefing at the NRC 's Rockville , Md. , headquarters and in a letter to Sam Rousso , acting of civilian radioactive waste management for the Energy Department , Bernero said study of seismic and volcanic risks needed to be given high priority.)
sent2013	Sam Rousso	Work_For	Energy Department	(In a briefing at the NRC 's Rockville , Md. , headquarters and in a letter to Sam Rousso , acting of civilian radioactive waste management for the Energy Department , Bernero said study of seismic and volcanic risks needed to be given high priority.)
sent2013	Energy Department	Work_For	NRC	(In a briefing at the NRC 's Rockville , Md. , headquarters and in a letter to Sam Rousso , acting of civilian radioactive waste management for the Energy Department , Bernero said study of seismic and volcanic risks needed to be given high priority.)
sent2021	Fran Sepler	Work_For	Crime Victim and Witness Advisory Council.	(The law , patterned after similar measures in Michigan and California , gives victims ` ` a maximum opportunity to participate , ' ' said Fran Sepler , executive of the state Crime Victim and Witness Advisory Council.)
sent2054	Richard Celeste	Work_For	Democratic Governors ' Association	(The Democrats elected Ohio 's Richard Celeste to be chairman of the Democratic Governors ' Association , beginning in January.)
sent2056	Dan Rather	Work_For	CBS	(CBS anchorman Dan Rather spoke to the final full session of the National Governors ' Association conference , saying , ` ` You who already have the toughest job in American politics have got to take the lead in convincing the president and Congress that the present approach to education policy is a mess and needs immediate overhaul , and the present approach to the federal budget deficit is an Alice in Wonderland fantasy. ' ')
sent2082	Khieu Samphan	Work_For	Khmer Rouge	(Khmer Rouge leader Khieu Samphan reportedly made a number of objections on conference organization and procedure but then went along with the majority after Chinese Foreign Qian Qichen met with Monday with him , Sihanouk and the third member of their loose alliance , Son Sann.)
sent2083	Javier Perez de Cuellar.	Work_For	U.N.	(In turn , Vietnam and the Cambodian government of Prime Hun Sen agreed to the fact-finding mission under the auspices of U.N. Secretary-General Javier Perez de Cuellar.)
sent2097	John Johnson	Work_For	XBT Telecom	(Of 40 million party line calls logged by New England Telephone over a 2 -LCB- -year period , at least 10 percent were made by those who dial services like XBT Telecom 's ` ` Talkabout ' ' teen line , a group conversation designed for people under age 16 , said John Johnson , a spokesman for the telephone company.)
sent2098	Allan Fitzmaurice.	Work_For	XBT	(It is not and never has been designed or advertised as a threatening or abusive type of thing , ' ' said XBT spokesman Allan Fitzmaurice.)
sent2099	Bernice McIntyre	Work_For	Public Utilities	(Moderators are required to keep conversations from getting too personal and disconnect abusive callers , said Bernice McIntyre , chairman of the Public Utilities Commission.)
sent2133	Michael Mason	Work_For	American Petroleum Institute	(Michael Mason , a lobbyist with the American Petroleum Institute , told the news conference that his oil industry trade group believes the proposal to be ` ` a big mistake ' ' because ` ` there should be a level playing field in which all fuels should be able to compete. ' ')
sent2175	George Tompkins	Work_For	KAL	(KAL attorney George Tompkins countered that the main evidence in the case is a line drawn by Soviet officials on a map showing an off-course Flight 007 flying for several hours over Russian airspace hundreds of miles to the west of its planned route.)
sent2188	James O. Mason	Work_For	Department of Health and Human Services	(Dr. James O. Mason , assistant for health at the Department of Health and Human Services , said Congress often fails to provide additional money to pay for new programs it authorizes.)
sent2197	Mason	Work_For	HHS Secretary Louis Sullivan	(Mason assured the congresswoman that HHS Secretary Louis Sullivan ` ` is a very squeaky secretary. ' ')
sent2217	Strom Thurmond	Work_For	Congress	(But Sen. Strom Thurmond , R-S.C. , sponsor of a proposed constitutional amendment , said , ` ` An overwhelming majority of Americans are looking to the Congress to ... restore the proper civil respect for our American flag. ' ')
sent2255	Anderson	Work_For	The Associated Press	(Anderson , 41 , was the chief Middle East correspondent for The Associated Press when he was kidnapped in Beirut on March 16 , 1985.)
sent2255	Middle East	Work_For	The Associated Press	(Anderson , 41 , was the chief Middle East correspondent for The Associated Press when he was kidnapped in Beirut on March 16 , 1985.)
sent2282	Roger Mauro	Work_For	Supreme Court	(In a 5-1 decision , the Supreme Court said Roger Mauro and his wife , Lois , cannot collect damages for his fear that he may contract cancer after being exposed to asbestos fibers while working as a plumber-steamfitter for more than a decade at Ancora State Psychiatric Hospital in Hammonton.)
sent2282	Roger Mauro	Work_For	Ancora State Psychiatric Hospital	(In a 5-1 decision , the Supreme Court said Roger Mauro and his wife , Lois , cannot collect damages for his fear that he may contract cancer after being exposed to asbestos fibers while working as a plumber-steamfitter for more than a decade at Ancora State Psychiatric Hospital in Hammonton.)
sent2436	Ken Fimberg	Work_For	Justice Department	(Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Peter Murtha	Work_For	Justice Department	(Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2509	Chris Jonientz-Trisler	Work_For	University of Washington Seismology Lab.	(The temblor measured 3.9 on the Richter scale and was centered 10 miles below the Lacamas Lake area , just northeast of Camas , Wash. , said Chris Jonientz-Trisler , seismic analyst at the University of Washington Seismology Lab.)
sent2536	Harrington	Work_For	Queens College	(Harrington , a professor of political science at Queens College of the City University of New York and honorary president of the Socialist International , died Monday night at his home in suburban Larchmont , the university said in a statement Tuesday.)
sent2536	Harrington	Work_For	City University of New York	(Harrington , a professor of political science at Queens College of the City University of New York and honorary president of the Socialist International , died Monday night at his home in suburban Larchmont , the university said in a statement Tuesday.)
sent2536	Harrington	Work_For	Socialist International	(Harrington , a professor of political science at Queens College of the City University of New York and honorary president of the Socialist International , died Monday night at his home in suburban Larchmont , the university said in a statement Tuesday.)
sent2637	Baruch Arensberg	Work_For	Tel Aviv Univerisity	(` ` For the first time it is possible to say from an anatomical point of view that primitive man could speak , ' ' said Professor Baruch Arensberg of Tel Aviv Univerisity , a member of the team studying the remains found in northern Israel.)
sent2640	Arensberg	Work_For	University of Bordeaux	(Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years.)
sent2640	Bernard Vandermeersch	Work_For	Harvard University	(Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years.)
sent2640	Bernard Vandermeersch	Work_For	University of Bordeaux	(Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years.)
sent2640	Kebara	Work_For	University of Bordeaux	(Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years.)
sent2647	Jeffrey Laitman	Work_For	Mount Sinai School of Medicine	(Anatomist Jeffrey Laitman of New York 's Mount Sinai School of Medicine also disputed the Kebara team 's findings.)
sent2647	Kebara	Work_For	Mount Sinai School of Medicine	(Anatomist Jeffrey Laitman of New York 's Mount Sinai School of Medicine also disputed the Kebara team 's findings.)
sent2988	Warren Christopher	Work_For	Cetin	(Cetin added that the ceremony , to which he was invited by his American counterpart Warren Christopher , showed once more the importance and weight of Turkey in the Balkans .)
sent2990	Juppe	Work_For	French Government	(Evaluating Juppe 's visit , Cetin said that the French Government was not displaying a disturbing stand toward Turkey and was very careful in not intervening in Turkey 's internal affairs .)
sent2990	Cetin	Work_For	French Government	(Evaluating Juppe 's visit , Cetin said that the French Government was not displaying a disturbing stand toward Turkey and was very careful in not intervening in Turkey 's internal affairs .)
sent3036	Foreign Qian Qichen	Work_For	XINHUA	(-LRB- Text -RRB- Beijing , February 21 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- Chinese Vice-Premier and Foreign Qian Qichen left here this afternoon for a fortnight official good-will visit to Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Maldives and Iran .)
